Update Notification Rules for Renotify Feature (#15529)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/incident_management/incident_settings.md

{{< img src="monitors/incidents/notification_rules_example.jpeg" alt="Notification Rules Example" style="width:80%;">}}

Notification rules allow you to configure scenarios when specific stakeholders should be automatically notified of an incident. You can use notification rules to ensure key stakeholders are always made aware of high priority incidents, to notify external systems whenever a new incident is declared or updated, or to notify specific responders when a particular service or team experiences an incident.

**Example:** Set a notification rule to automatically notify team stakeholders whenever a SEV-1 or SEV-2 for `service:web-store` AND `application:purchasing` incident is declared and when that incident moves through different states of progression.

To configure a new notification rule:

> 1. Click **New Rule**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **New Rule**.
```

> 2. **For incidents matching...**: Select the incident property field `key:value` pairs you want notifications to be sent for. By default, these filters are empty and a notification rule triggers for any incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Under **For incidents matching...**, select the incident property field `key:value` pairs you want notifications to be sent for. By default, these filters are empty, and a notification rule triggers for any incident.
```

> 3. **Notify**: Select your notification recipients. Notifications can be sent to any of Datadog's existing [notification integrations][10]. Note, if you want to notify a recipient's mobile device, select the option for their name that includes **(Mobile Push Notification)**. The recipient must have enabled notifications in the [Datadog mobile app][14] for this option to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Notify**: Select your notification recipients. Notifications can be sent to any of Datadog's existing [notification integrations][10]. If you want to notify a recipient's mobile device, select the option for their name that includes **(Mobile Push Notification)**. The recipient must have enabled notifications in the [Datadog mobile app][14] for this option to appear.
```

4. **With Template**: Select the desired message template you want the notification rule to use.

> 5. **Renotify on updates to**: Choose which incident properties trigger renotifications. A new notification is be sent every time one of those selected properties changes. Note, you cannot renotify on properties that are already in your filters (Step 2 in this list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Renotify on updates to**: Choose which incident properties trigger renotifications. Whenever one or more of the selected properties changes, a new notification is sent.  Note that you cannot renotify on properties that are already in your filters (see step 2, above).
```
